
1: Prontera P, Escande F, Cocchi G, Donti E, Martini A, Sensi A. An intermediate 
phenotype between Hay-Wells and Rapp-Hodgkin syndromes in a patient with a novel 
P63 mutation: confirmation of a variable phenotypic spectrum with a common
aetiology. Genet Couns. 2008;19(4):397-402. PubMed PMID: 19239083.

2: Ronco P, Plaisier E. [Hereditary angiopathy with nephropathy, aneurysms and
muscle cramps (HANAC): a new basement membrane-disease associated with mutations 
of the COL4A1 gene]. Bull Acad Natl Med. 2008 May;192(5):971-84; discussion
984-6. French. PubMed PMID: 19238787.

3: Ranjbar SH, Amiri P, Amoli MM, Soltani A. A new mitochondrial mutation in a
patient with diabetes mellitus, deafness, hydronephrosis and joint contractures. 
J Pediatr Endocrinol Metab. 2008 Dec;21(12):1185-9. PubMed PMID: 19189693.

4: Takano K, Yasufuku-Takano J, Morita K, Mori S, Takei M, Osamura RY, Teramoto
A, Fujita T. Evidence that PKA activity is constitutively activated in human
GH-secreting adenoma cells in a patient with Carney complex harbouring a PRKAR1A 
mutation. Clin Endocrinol (Oxf). 2009 May;70(5):769-75. Epub 2008 Oct 21. PubMed 
PMID: 19178533.

5: Zhang XB, Wei SC, Li CX, Xu X, He YQ, Luo Q, Li J, Wang YF. Mutation of GJB2
in a Chinese patient with keratitis-ichthyosis-deafness syndrome and brain
malformation. Clin Exp Dermatol. 2009 Apr;34(3):309-13. Epub 2008 Oct 30. PubMed 
PMID: 19175781.

6: Vaclavicek A, Bermejo JL, Schmutzler RK, Sutter C, Wappenschmidt B, Meindl A, 
Kiechle M, Arnold N, Weber BH, Niederacher D, Burwinkel B, Bartram CR, Hemminki
K, Försti A. Polymorphisms in the Janus kinase 2 (JAK)/signal transducer and
activator of transcription (STAT) genes: putative association of the STAT gene
region with familial breast cancer. Endocr Relat Cancer. 2007 Jun;14(2):267-77.
PubMed PMID: 17639043.

7: Choi JH, Park HS, Oh HB, Lee JH, Suh YJ, Park CS, Shin HD. Leukotriene-related
gene polymorphisms in ASA-intolerant asthma: an association with a haplotype of
5-lipoxygenase. Hum Genet. 2004 Mar;114(4):337-44. Epub 2004 Jan 29. PubMed PMID:
14749922.

8: Konheim YL, Wolford JK. Association of a promoter variant in the inducible
cyclooxygenase-2 gene (PTGS2) with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Pima Indians. Hum 
Genet. 2003 Oct;113(5):377-81. Epub 2003 Aug 14. PubMed PMID: 12920574.

9: Cai H, Wilcken DE, Wang XL. The Glu-298-->Asp (894G-->T) mutation at exon 7 of
the endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene and coronary artery disease. J Mol
Med. 1999 Jun;77(6):511-4. PubMed PMID: 10475066.

10: Kato N, Sugiyama T, Morita H, Nabika T, Kurihara H, Yamori Y, Yazaki Y. Lack 
of evidence for association between the endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene
and hypertension. Hypertension. 1999 Apr;33(4):933-6. PubMed PMID: 10205226.

1: Halatsch ME, L√∂w S, Hielscher T, Schmidt U, Unterberg A, Vougioukas VI.
Epidermal growth factor receptor pathway gene expressions and biological response
of glioblastoma multiforme cell lines to erlotinib. Anticancer Res. 2008
Nov-Dec;28(6A):3725-8. PubMed PMID: 19189656.

2: Tanio M, Tanaka R, Tanaka T, Kohno T. Amino acid-selective isotope labeling of
proteins for nuclear magnetic resonance study: proteins secreted by Brevibacillus
choshinensis. Anal Biochem. 2009 Mar 15;386(2):156-60. Epub 2008 Dec 25. PubMed
PMID: 19161967.

3: van Rossum HH, Romijn FP, Smit NP, de Fijter JW, van Pelt J. Everolimus and
sirolimus antagonize tacrolimus based calcineurin inhibition via competition for 
FK-binding protein 12. Biochem Pharmacol. 2009 Apr 1;77(7):1206-12. Epub 2008 Dec
30. PubMed PMID: 19154728.

4: Hsu TS, Yang PM, Tsai JS, Lin LY. Attenuation of cadmium-induced necrotic cell
death by necrostatin-1: potential necrostatin-1 acting sites. Toxicol Appl
Pharmacol. 2009 Mar 1;235(2):153-62. Epub 2008 Dec 24. PubMed PMID: 19135076.

5: Viklund IM, Aspenstr√∂m P, Meas-Yedid V, Zhang B, Kopec J, Agren D, Schneider
G, D'Amato M, Olivo-Marin JC, Sansonetti P, Van Nhieu GT, Pettersson S. WAFL, a
new protein involved in regulation of early endocytic transport at the
intersection of actin and microtubule dynamics. Exp Cell Res. 2009 Apr
1;315(6):1040-52. Epub 2008 Dec 16. PubMed PMID: 19121306.

